Adjust ordering of EXTRA-ARGS to allow tests to override includes (#5870)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: testing/file_test/README.md

    -   `// ARGS`
    -   `// EXTRA-ARGS`

>         -   Included `EXTRA-ARGS` will come before `EXTRA-ARGS` in the main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -   Included `EXTRA-ARGS` will come before `EXTRA-ARGS` in the primary test
```
perhaps? `main` is a bit overloaded

Author: As noted, I think the code is already referring to this as the "main file" for tests. I'd like to stick with the same phrasing here for consistency.
